Creating full terraform module for aiinfra-cluster (#65)
GoogleCloudPlatform/ai-infra-cluster-provisioning: README.md

2. The second way is via copying scripts from the local directory. For that
   - First the user needs to mount a local directory containing training scripts to `"/usr/aiinfra/copy"` location. To do that use the ‘docker run’ command with option ‘-v /localdirpath:/usr/aiinfra/copy ’
   - Then the user needs to provide the destination location as `VM_LOCALFILE_DEST_PATH` parameter. All the files under the mounted local directory will be copied to all the VMs under the path provided. If `VM_LOCALFILE_DEST_PATH`  is not provided then the default destination path is `"/usr/aiinfra/copy"` in the VM.

### Multi-node training
For multi-node training, we need to set up an orchestrator on all the VMs of the GPU cluster. Users can choose the orchestrator via ‘ORCHESTRATOR_TYPE’ parameter. Currently we support only Ray as our orchestrator. We will be adding support for more orchestrator types like Slurm shortly.

### Shared Filesystem

> For sharing data across machines running AI workload, users need a shared file system. Currently we are using NFS filestore or GCS bucket as shared file systems across machine. Users can use the `GCS_MOUNT_LIST` parameter to provide a comma separated list of GCS buckets and their mount path. Similarly they can use `NFS_FILESHARE_LIST` parameter to provide comma separated list of path. For each filestore path, a new filestore will be created and mounted to the path specified on every VM in the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For sharing data across machines running AI workload, users can use a shared file system. Currently we are using NFS filestore or GCS bucket as shared file system across machines. Users can use the `GCS_MOUNT_LIST` parameter to provide a comma separated list of GCS buckets and their mount paths. Similarly they can use `NFS_FILESHARE_LIST` parameter to provide comma separated list of paths. For each filestore path, a new filestore will be created and mounted to the path specified on every VM in the cluster.
```
